feat: constraining slots (#7758)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/guides/js_apps/test.md

### Set next block timestamp

> Since the rollup time is dependent on what "slot" the block is included in, the way to progress time is to just progress the time of the underlying chain by a number of slots. The duration of a slot can be looked up using `SLOT_DURATION()` in the Rollup (code in Leonidas.sol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the rollup time is dependent on what "slot" the block is included in, time can be progressed by progressing slots. The duration of a slot is available by calling `SLOT_DURATION()` on the Rollup (code in Leonidas.sol).
```
